{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 on graph view, be able to get popup for connecting lines (poet or whatever) \'97 or multiple popups for multiple poets.\
\
cut down options on source and target?\
\
table \'97 nice idea, but at the moment totally useless for us. maybe we need to rework our tables? locked down google spreadsheet?\
be able to click through to the table from the map view\
\
how do they envision the grid working? upload images.\
\
1. save preloaded data.\
2. option to restrict the options of the viewer into select number of things. # of options don\'92t help, but confuse. birth city -> other associated city preloaded into graph view.\
3. on graph view, get popup for connecting lines, or open table view.\
\
difference between visualize and map?\
\
1 use case is:\
\
1. Where did a poet go?\
\
How do you get rid of facet filters?\
\
first city, second city\
\
DImension points must change name\
place name labels on map\
\
Is it possible to merge the two tables, the one for lines and the one for points?\
\
Order of dimensions on the table? Be nice for poet name to be the default.\
\
Any idea why we don\'92t have dates for some of these figures? E.g. Castorion, Cleomenes, Hermolochus. \
\
rolling through timeline: diachronic video view\
how to do bce dates?\
for points map allow choice to be birth city, other associated city, or death city.\
}