{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 questions about lyric mapping research\
\
1. Did Archilochus go to Naxos? I see lots of references to him fighting Naxians on Thasos, but that\'92s not the same thing. Maybe fr. 325?\
2. Did Archilochus go to Euboea? see fr. 3.\
3. Do we want to add a century column?\
4. For Bacchylides I have provided all the sites where the victors won. I think this is a questionable assumption \'97 I know there\'92s a lot of debate about where these odes were performed, let alone all the references in the poetry to the odes being sent w/o their author (e.g. the opening of N. 5).\
\
The stray reference to Mantinea seems to belong more in the geographical imaginary as well.\
5. See Ariphron \'97 should we add the poet Polychares as well?\
6. We should have a list of specifically who we are including. Flute players are out, as are dancers (see e.g. Ath. 14.629A where a Anacus of Phigaleia is named).\
7. Cedeides. currently a date of 
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 fl. 550\'96500, but he\'92s mentioned in an inscription of c. 415 BCE? test. 2 in Campbell.\
8. Chares. I can\'92t find anything linking him to Athens besides the reference in Aspiotes. Bowie doesn\'92t mention it in his NP piece. Maybe look him up in Gerhard\'92s 1912 edition: http://searchworks.stanford.edu/view/8713406. But this work is not at ASCSA.\
9. Corinna. Closest thing to a connection to Athens is test. 2, where she mocks the opening of Pind. fr. 29.\
10. I can't find any source for Dion of Chios going to Athens. RE hints that Ion of Chios might lay behind this reference.\
11. I have removed Dionysius of Chios. Doesn\'92t exist \'97 his Aspiotes number is for Dionysius Chalkus.\
12. If we have Echembrotus of Arcadia, why don\'92t we have Melampus of Cephallenia the kitharode, who competed at Delphi at the same time? Paus. 10.7.4-6.\
}