{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 to do\
\
timeline \'97 the arrows are misleading. (done)\
when one date see selected slider. (done \'97 created range)\
put timeline at end (done)\
turn off arrows (done)\
find alternative range slider? (nope)\
with ruler (done)\
colors: chosen period in the same red. (done)\
arrows text: black on white like genre box. (done)\
\
places/travel boxes: font should be different and distinct from options. (done)\
text-size should be larger (done)\
indicate selected places/travel with same red underline (done)\
\'93visual continuity\'94\
\
tooltip: change label color to same color as \'93place of\'94 \'93genre\'94 etc. in selection box (tried to)\
change order of names in tooltips to correct alphabetical order (made issue)\
add key for sources: first poet = 1, second poet =2, then mapped onto the sources box. (made issue)\
\
macedonia: make letters spread out (added character spacing)\
\
arrows: make bigger (done)\
line colors: update from bottom of izzy\'92s spreadsheet (will not do)\
\
change genre name to iambos in sql (added to github)\
\
put destination first, not origin (done)\
\
politics: color of city depends on politics?\
or shape of city depends on politics?\
but politics changes over time?\
\
add new poets from izzy\'92s spreadsheet (made issue)}